## Scenario
Investigate a malfunctioning Linux server reported to be running slower than usual. Identify suspicious activity on the system and then contain it.

Methodology will include: `Auditing processes` `Auditing files` `Installing security packages` `Configuring security services`

## Distribution Research
Ubuntu is highly adaptable and optimized for efficient daily operations and administrative management. Kali Linux is uniquely designed and optimized for penetration testers, providing a comprehensive set of tools for ethical hacking, security auditing, and vulnerability assessment. When setting up a web or data server, you have a variety of Linux distributions to choose from. While any of them could technically work, some are better suited for specific needs. Ubuntu Server and Fedora Server offer user-friendly tools and streamlined configurations for web services, making them ideal for those who prefer a more straightforward setup. On the other hand, if you're looking for greater control and don't mind handling configurations manually, Debian or CentOS would be solid choices.

| Central Data Server | Stores sensitive human resources data, so should use a secure distribution. Fedora and CentOS use SELinux by default, making them good choices. |
| :--- |:---:|
| Public Web Server | The public web server handles a large number of requests every day. It also doesn't need a GUI. Since the web server is central to business operations, it needs to run quickly. |
| IT Audit Workstation | The IT audit workstation is used for periodic assessments of network security. | 
| User Workstations | User workstations need a GUI and should include basic productivity software (such as LibreOffice and email clients). |

## Linux Landmarks
I will act as a junior Linux Systems administrator at Corp X.  A senior administrator has asked me to audit a malfunctioning Linux server. 
